Improve rabbitMQ step text (#763)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/get-started/tutorials/create-your-first-event-triggered-integration.md

!!! tip "Before you begin"
    - Fork the [sample application](https://github.com/wso2/choreo-examples) GitHub repository. For this tutorial, you need the [simple-rabbitmq-listener](https://github.com/wso2/choreo-examples/tree/main/ipaas/micro-integrator/simple-rabbitmq-listener) in the **choreo-sample** repository.  
 

>     - Use an existing RabbitMQ or start a [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/download.html) on a server that is accessible via the internet. Obtain the `username`, `hostname`, `password`, and `vhost` from the RabbitMQ instance to use later as environment variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use an existing RabbitMQ instance or start a new [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/download.html) instance on a server that can be accessed via the internet. Obtain the `username`, `hostname`, `password`, and `vhost` from the RabbitMQ instance to use later as environment variables. 
```
